beauteous hey guys it's Chelsea so today
I have a video on getting my braces off
yes I know Oh crazy story really I'll
tell you it right now and then also
insert a few clips of what my dad did at
the orthodontist it was kind of funny um
the whole story is really messed up but
anyway the whole thing I was not
supposed to get my braces off at all
until December but we kind of wanted to
get up or I kind of wanted to get them
off early and I've been complaining
about it so much and my dad and my mom
we're talking about with Adonis into it
and they set me up for like this point
Minh to get them tightened so I agreed
to it you know I went this morning on
Saturday at 10:30 and I thought it was
kind of weird because I never go to
orthodontist on Saturday like no one
really does but I did anyway and we were
sitting in the room and my dad wanted to
talk and make sure like when I was gonna
get a mop and they were talking about
how my roots weren't right and how it
was gonna be another six months cuz
that's how much he paid for and all of a
sudden she says out of the blue she's
like Chelsea you're getting your braces
off today I was like excuse me what like
I've had this surprise spaced on my face
what like I didn't believe them so if
you guys want to see the reaction just
keep on watching it's gonna like pop in
like right now
yeah good glad good man
stop it hey I wanted to ask and well no
I'm just inquiring about when we think
that we can get these braces off because
she kind of has herself she well she
wants to smile on video but she hasn't
been able to because because of the
braces and deformity
what do you think when can we do it we
all just got six months left right
I know that the gym cleared first
managed to try to finish you off
so if you're good and they listen to us
my brother
okay what we're sure is you're in this
picture to get it mom so give my money
back
nice kids say thank you and they get
that for me
I knew all along as kids I know one of
the boys adonis little helper people
came up to me and said are you ready to
get him off and I was like sure
cuz I don't really know what to think I
didn't know if I was actually getting
him off or they were just like tricking
me or whatever cuz my parents are like
he told her pranksters when it comes to
trying to surprise me like they always
surprise me except when it comes to
Christmas cuz I always find the presents
that's just a thing I do every year but
whatever and um so I I went with the
girl and she took off my bracelet braces
within a minute like she just took these
little tweezers and took each and
everything and I just came right off I
was like whoa girl
whoa girl like how do you even do that
like that was just crazy my teeth feels
so slimy right now it's on your bike and
the main orthodontist girl she came and
she took all the glue off and that
didn't hurt at all it just kind of felt
really weird cuz the brush was kind of
hard but um the glue won't really weird
too because it like turning into dust
when he took it off but yeah so she took
the glue off and then the polishing was
what took like 30 minutes and I did have
a little bit of staining on my teeth but
then it came off like right away so I
don't really have any stains at all it's
like white and I'm gonna start like
wedding whitening my teeth let me know
if you guys want a oral routine
where I'd show you what like toothpaste
mouthwash and all that kind of stuff I
use I'm just so excited I got him off
like seriously I'm so excited yeah I
just went home and my mom was like so
were you surprised I was like yeah I
honestly didn't believe you guys until
actually started getting him off she's
like oh well that's good cuz why I was
at school my mom has been sick and so
they like planned all this yesterday and
I was like
yeah buddy look big with duda nice
car okay I'm really happy and now that I
have him off I don't have that
insecurity of my smile cuz honestly guys
I was so insecure about smiling with
braces like every time I'd smile the
metal would just like look like no for
everything and I just don't like it at
all now I'm gonna be proud to show it
off I'm really happy and I hope you guys
are happy for me because I'm happy for
myself then I hope you guys what is so
happy okay again comment below if you
guys want an oral oral care routine I
love you guys
you